nd,Father,0,0
Father: SON! SON! Where are you boy?
Boy: Hey pops! Gee wiz! What's the news?
Father: LISTEN TO ME. This is rather important... 
Every time in a young boy's life,
they are given a quest of huge importance 
which affects all those who inhabit the world.
And it is up to the child to deliver salvation to humanity.
Boy: Wowzers! This seems important!
Father: SHUTUP...I need you to bring me an item of great importance---
which will help you on your journey... An item of great power...
Boy: Okie dokey! What do you need pa?
Father: I need a... Vegetable, of the tubular kind,------
green with a slight hint of onions... 
For dinner... 
This is quite urgent... 
But you can locate this legendary artefact nearby at the local-------
agricultural expert.
Boy: Golly... Ok dad! I'll acquire this rare and unique herb of-------
 unknown nature.
Father: MOVE WITH HASTE, mayhaps Old Lady Evergreen may be able to-----
help in your quest. 
Her wares are the finest in ALL THE LAND! 
Boy: Blimey! I'll return when I've completed the task! Cheerio!	
nd,OldLadiesDoor,1,0
Boy: Great Gob smackers! Old lady evergreen is nowhere in sight!
What does this curious note pinned to the hanging...
Ah of course! The silly nana has moved onwards to monetise her----
wares!
I better proceed before all of the stock dissipates!
nd,Merchant,2,0
Boy: Excuse me gent! Do you by chance know the whereabouts of the-----
Great gardener evergreen?
Has her travels passed you well?
Merchant: The green grocer has not passed yet traveller.
I'm afraid you have come too early.
Boy: Crikey! My elder requested of me urgently, by any chance do----
you have any of your fine leeks for lending?
Merchant: These leeks are mightily strong, too strong for you---
traveller and nothing passes from my hand without a valid and---
fair transaction.
I'll be willing to part for one fair trade for say a fair price of------
5 golden coinage?
Boy: Yikes... My father did not pass any funding for this journey..
Perhaps there is a venue in which I could earn my share?
Merchant: If you are in need of gold, the builder by the river----
looking for work-hands to help build a bridge.
This work may be too strong for you traveller.
Boy: A reasonable task for a reasonable lad like myself!
Reserve some of your produce for my swift return, my good sir!
nd,Builder,3,0
Boy: I cedar that you are attempting to cross the river.
Are you planning on building a bridge?
Builder:Yes but I am rather stumped as I need to gather more lumber-----
but l cannot leaf my tools behind. 
If you wood be so kind to gather some more fallen trees then I can---
reward you for your efforts. 
This is knot a hard job, all I require for yew is to gather some-----
logs to help me construct it.
nd,Builder,5,0
Builder: Planks a lot! I SAW you work hard so here is a single----
gold coin.
There is still quite a bit of wood left in the forest, you might----
need to branch off from the main path to find it.
nd,Builder,7,0
Builder: Oh another log! Another coin! This is great. 
Just three more to go, I'm rooting for you.
nd,Builder,9,0
Builder: Oh woad is me. While you were in the forest I was starting---
to get board, so I accidentally fell asleep. 
When I woke up, I had a number of my possessions stolen, including---
my pants! 
I'm sorry but I am unable to pay you until I get my tools back...
Boy: Poor sap, I hope he is able to get to the root of his----
problems... 
Maybe I can track down the thief and see if he leafed any clues----
behind.
nd,Thief,10,1
Boy: Hey you scallywag! Where did you acquire those fine leggings?
Thief: What's it to you? Do you also like my shoes?
Boy: It is my duty as a strapping young feisty lad to do what any-----
proper gentleman would do!
Return the stolen wealth or prepare yourself for fisticuffs!
Thief: Yo, chill little dude. I don't have it any more.-----
I got this fine hammock at the discount store.
Boy: You traded the poor craftsman's belongings for a hanging bed?
Thief: Hey man, I'm sorry for your loss but don't feel bad.
If you travel to the cave to the west, there is a treasure that----
you can take, lad.
I've been meaning to pick up but I am quite floored.
You can have it instead if you can reach the reward.
Boy: Just wait there you rascal, I'll will fetch this stash and---
deal with your terrible attitude later.
nd,Monster,11,0
Flamengo: DAAAAAAAAGKGHKHHUUURrur!!!
Boy: OH NO! A dastardly demon! Dang! Destiny says only deadly----
weapons of great damage can deal these damned devils.
Such as a cold balls or daggers!
nd,Builder,12,0
Boy: He is still pine-ing over his lost fortune...
Maybe instead I can build the bridge!
I'm sure as the sun that there is plenty of wood left in the----
forest to finish this task! 
nd,Bridge,14,2
Boy: Hurray! The bridge is almost complete.
nd,Bridge,16,2
Boy: A fine piece of work! I'm sure the builder would be proud.
nd,Monster,18,0
Flamengo: FAAAARLGGLGGLHUaaaaarng!!
Boy: Foul fiend! Face the fearsome fury of my fast falchion!
Flamengo: BLAAAAGASDHURSssssssssssgghhh.......
nd,Chest,19,0
Boy:	Let's see what devious treasures these monsters were storing...
-CREAK-
Boy: Oh boy gosh! Old Lady Evergreen!
Evergreen: Ah hello there child, what brings you here!
Boy: What were you doing trapped in that chest! And why are you also tied up??
Evergreen: What chest? I was just travelling to the town when some nice fiery critters helped me into a locomotive to make the journey easier.
Boy: You foolish old fool! What makes you think they were doing you a favour?
Evergreen: All that they requested for the favour was some tasty nice vegetables! They forcefully took all the stock on my hands!
They must have been quite hungry the poor souls...
Boy: Ah blast! I required a source of leek, to nurture the future of all of humanity!
Do you have any more? It's a matter of DESTINY!!
Evergreen: You want some veggies? Sure I have a whole entire house load of them back at my hovel.
I would give you some but unfortunately my legs are dead tired from sitting inside of tram.
Could you be a dear and help me travel back?
nd,OldLadiesDoor,21,0
Boy: Huzzah! There you go matron Evergreen. 
Evergreen: Hang your breeches, let me just grab some lettuce for you then.
Boy: I beg your pardon, but I require the green leeks you are so famously recognised for.
Evergreen: Oh do you want some more?? 
Boy: No I need some Leeks. Are you mental?
Evergreen: So you want some Lentils?
Boy: What! No just some Leeks will do.
Evergreen: Sorry sonny I don't have any stew.
Boy: Please, just a handful of leeks and I'll be on my way.
Evergreen: Ah, a brilliant choice, some pickles in hay!
Boy: NO LISTEN TO ME SPEAK.
Evergreen: Oh you just want some leeks? I'm sorry honey I've run completely dry.
If you wish I can give you some gold in return for your help in my safe return instead.
Boy: Well, if it would help end this foolishness, the transaction is fair. Now to go trade with the merchant!
nd,Merchant,22,0
Boy: Retailer! I am about to go into battle and I require your finest leeks...
Goodness gracious! What happened to your stash?
Merchant: Foul fortunes fall upon me traveller.
I was just juggling some of my strongest baguettes and I was caught off guard when a thief in fine looking pants removed me from most of my wealth.
Boy: Holy heists! I know the muddy mugger behind all of this.
nd,Thief,23,1
Thief: Oh look on who has returned. I hope the cave treated you well and you didn't get burned.
Boy: You crazy crook! Why did you steal all of the merchant's goods? What use do you have for them anyway?
Thief: This leeks are the best around. I feel great when lying on this mound.	
If you want a take a stick or two. Feel free to use one for your stew.
Boy: You rambling robber! If the world was not in danger, I'd kick your ass you stealing stranger.
nd,Father,25,0
Boy: Father, awake from your slumber for I have returned, leek in hand!
Father! Your son has face challenge after challenge and returned triumphant!
Father, you're looking awfully pale, let me prepare this hearty meal and we shall feast until the break of dawn!
Time surely has taken its toll on you, my father. Let us get some meat on those bones.
Father?
... Father?
...... Pop?
......... Dad?
Father: *dead*
Boy: WHAT DO I DO NOW?